Sorry, Miss Jiang.
We only accept invitations.
Tower top invitation
There is indeed a super VIP logo on it.
There really is a different fat Jinluo boy
idiom
Can you show me your invitation letter?
I'm worried that someone has forged the invitation.
If he wants to see it, show it to him
Don't die until you reach the Yellow River
Just don't be like that day in the Shooting Hall
Just get your little sidekick to kneel and apologize for you
Just show me the idiom
False invitation letter
But you will be invited out by the organizers.
As long as you speak
I can say hi to them.
It's convenient for you.
Why do you think I got a fake invitation?
Swaggering
I'm just giving you the whole way not to make a fool of yourself
When did Mr. Lu become so conscientious?
You help me like this
What's in it for you?
As long as you tell me buckwheat
I can give you a true friendship
You just want to know where the buckwheat is?
idiom
Go ahead.
Just don't tell